How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
 was introduced?

	It helped me to see that the bug was because a change in the code wasn´t mode properlly    

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the 
long term?

	It can make the control of the versions of my programs easier, if i want to reverse a change i made, 
	i'ts obviously easier to use a tool that controls the versions of my code because the human error 
	is decreaces to almost zero this way

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?
	
	The pros of saving manually is that i can choose how to logically save the versions of my programs, this 
	cannot be automatized perfectly because the size of the commit is never the same in time and quantity,
	it depends more on the impact of the changes that is made in each version of the code.
	Automatically saving versions has the drawback of never saving my versions in just the way i want them, 
	the savings depend entirely on the logic that the softwate uses.
	
	old beofre ver 15:
	
	I think the pros are that it is easier to do, but you would need to be very precise and coordinate to 
	control manually all the in your code if u need to control the version by yourself.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while 
others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
 
	I think its because git is focused in programming version control, while google docs is more focused on
	making the user dont have such a hard time with the control of the version of its documents.
 
	old before ver 18:
	
	I'm not sure

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	git log lets me see the full list of version in my git repository and diff lets me compare de version to one another

	old before ver 21

	I don't have experience using git

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	
	I can revise the diferente version of my code and check for errors one by one if neccesary, and with the 
	checkout command i can go back to the newest version of my code without worrying about losing the 
	right version of my code
	
	old before ver 26
	
	With an automated version control i can reverse my changes to a good version almost instantly (or so 
	i have heard)

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	
	I want to try using it for my projects in android, I want to be able to focuss on developing
	my projects and let the version control be automated.

	Old before ver 31

	I dont, but if i had my workspace set up, i would like to use it to be able to see my code in different devices and to have a 	better version control of the changes in my android code
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	