When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

	When I'm working in a project with other developers or if I need to have my repository online to use it in multiple devices.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
	
	I think i'ts better if I decide when to pull the version because I might had added new local commits that may have conflicts
	with the remote repository

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

	forks are like clones of repository, but the new pushes that will be done will only affect
	the forked repository, it will never change the original repository
	clones let me make changes to a repository locally and then push them to the remote repository
	branches are changes that i need to test using the code of the main repository but 
	without directly changing the master branch, only when I decide that the changes in
	the branch should be merged with the master branch I will merge them.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	This way it will be easier to commit my changes to the remote repository, because I will
	know for sure if the changes I'm making will result in any conflicts

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

	Sharing the files of the projects would be easier without github, but keeping a tight 
	control of the main version of the project and the history of the changes would be
	way more difficult without git

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

	When working in a project with other developers, using branches and pull requests its
	better becuase it lets me review my changes before commiting them to the master branch
	to avoid any conflicts and it keeps the master branch "clean" becuase only real and 
	proved changes will be pushed to this branch